feat: add label for `skipif` and `onlyif` conditions (#179)
risinglightdb/sqllogictest-rs: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), 
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.14.0] - 2023-06-08

> 
> * Add `--label` option for `skipif` and `onlyif` conditions.
> * Add `Runner::add_label`. Change the field names of `Condition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* We enhanced how `skipif` and `onlyif` works. Previously it checks against `DB::engine_name()`, and `sqllogictest-bin` didn't implement it.
  - (parser) A minor **breaking change**: Change the field names of `Condition:: OnlyIf/SkipIf`.
  - (runner) Add `Runner::add_label`. Now multiple labels are supported ( `DB::engine_name()` is still included). The condition evaluates to true if *any* of the provided labels match the `skipif/onlyif <lable>`.
  - (bin) Add `--label` option to specify custom labels.
```
